to boot we'll go now don't meet me up
here
jumped off like idiot that fixed a thing
doing there
listen AB norm or this Neb well now good
know what they called an abnormal it's
definitely not normal
sir what the frig talks said you said
you recruit hi sir
Oh with this you alright let's test deal
that happen wait how did you turn into a
freaking Titan I don't know sir
your uh sorry uh alright thank me just
ah oh my gosh we can use you we Lisa
help me try to kill the Titans alright
run kill the Titans okay there try to
see if you can kill anyone
I'll follow you from behind my word
alright that's you oh yeah yeah
did you going on your part uh uh let me
try see if I can cool ah I couldn't
alright try to attack him
sir I'm trying to kill her
it's too fast he's too fast for your
system oh oh well good get out of the
way all right close it
oh all right so just look like you can
kill a lot of tightness you must have to
train at 210 you again I don't kill me
asides I use my tightening sticks so
alright the start what you hurting my
eyes with that flashlight ah all right
oh I'm sorry girl creeper you go keep
your say you change another Titan you
Janice Titan what you could just form it
you multiple Titans table sir yeah what
color hair do you have black sir
user did I kill you or oh oh oh shit
okay that's you so this is you yes yes
sir all right
don't sass till you're gonna get on your
shoulder okay there all right now uh I
want you eight
all right go outside the walls Hey oh
I'm we're just coming here my girls are
all right pretty forest where's
everything it'll come when you kill all
the tight ends all of them yes sir
even you ah you're a recruit did you
just tell me you just killed me didn't
you know that now I will have to kill
you
sir I can't again that's matter I'll
still kill you
ah kill the group operation kills Titans
see me so sir I'm going to kick your ass
then then I'm gonna deliver then I'm
gonna deliver you to grandmother that's
right kill me
coach I'm trying to kill you no one can
hear good everyone's sleeping
come on fight me like a cardinal for me
no I don't want to kill you sir I don't
wanna kill you would recruit actually I
do but no matter
ha ha ha hey why are you so freaking
fast
why can't you be this fast when you
trade huh because I know I know yeah sad
what yeah yeah no you're not gonna kill
me bro you're not good enough now I was
able to kill me I don't wanna kill you
sir oh oh I know what feel good it
doesn't matter because I'm sorry Kelly
girl yeah I got come here
Oh Kelly's are the shitter yeah
fight me like a man is good I'm not a
man sir
sir I want to run anymore I gotta back
out yeah I'm gonna kill you today
I'm sorry but I have to you can't kill
me recruit how go to kill you oh yeah it
just killed me dead I killed my friend
oh you said we were friends
Sarika